# Android-pizza-manager
An Android app used to manage pizza orders

RU Pizzeria sells pizzas. Your team will develop a software for the Pizzeria to manage the orders. Your team must
use JavaFX to develop the GUIs for taking, placing, and cancelling orders. The Pizzeria offers 2 different styles of
pizzas, Chicago style and New York style. The Pizzeria uses different pie crusts depending on the pizza flavors and
styles. There are 3 specialty pizza flavors, Deluxe, BBQ Chicken, and Meatzza. All specialty pizzas are customized
with specific crusts and toppings. Customers can order Build Your Own pizza and choose the toppings they like, with
a maximum of 7 toppings. The store staff will be the one using the software to take the orders from the customers.
Each order is uniquely identified by an order number generated by the system. For simplicity, the system will not
keep track of the dates of the orders. The store manager has given you the list of requirements below.

(1)The Pizzeria offers Chicago style and New York style pizzas with 3 different sizes: small, medium, or large. Each
pizza style or flavor uses a different pizza crust.

(2) The system shall allow the store staff to choose the pizza style, flavors, and sizes, but not the crusts.

(3) Upon the selection of the pizza flavor, the system shall display the image of the selected pizza, the list of store-
customized toppings, and a list of sizes to choose from.

(4) If “Build your own” pizza is chosen, the system shall display a list of toppings for customization. The store
maintains at least 13 different toppings every day. The store staff shall be able to customize the pizza by adding
or removing the toppings, with a maximum of 7 additional toppings.
(5) The system shall display a running subtotal with 2 decimal places on the ordering pizza page.
(6) The system shall allow the store staff to add multiple pizzas to the same order and remove selected pizzas from
the order.
(7) The store staff shall be able to check the detail of the current order before placing the order. The system will keep
track of the current order in a shopping cart. The order details in the shopping cart shall include the list of pizzas.
Each pizza shall include the pizza style, crust, list of toppings, subtotal for each pizza, total amount of the pizzas
in the order, sales tax amount and the order total, which is the total amount plus sales tax. The tax rate is 6.625%.
(8) The store staff shall be able to remove a pizza or remove all pizzas in the shopping cart. While the staff is
removing pizzas from the shopping cart, the system shall update the total amount, sales tax, and the order total
accordingly.
(9) The system shall be able to keep track of all the store orders, allow the store staff to browse the store orders and
cancel an order. These shall include displaying all the store orders by the order numbers, the order total for each
order with 2 decimal places, and the list of pizzas in each order.
(10) The system shall be able to export the store orders and save them in a text file, which includes a list of store
orders. Each store order shall include the order number, the list of pizzas ordered, and the order total.
